the patients have been put into a small
enclosure ready to be darted three young
adults are having basic checkups and
Jack's stay away from my husband
many of the cheaters are returned to the
wild but some like old boys scribbles
stay at the reserve he's not eating and
seriously needs to see the dentist cover
what's this hard is it cheetah gonna
touch this is cheap tail well sure okay
good girl did you have a nice swim 0
this is scribbled he's 10 which is very
old for a cheetah they normally live to
about 8 he's brought some pretty yucky
teeth in there and just trying to see if
we can help those teeth out to seem to
have some sort of trophy on the top jaw
there on the gums yep it's actually
quite a little rough going into the to
fit yeah yeah yeah thank you
now amber and Mark can see the tooth
they decide to take it out also I think
no it's easier to take the tooth out
when you cut it in half and any way of
doing it is over
Essaouira with only half of the molar
removed they now need to use the drill
it is a problem one thing less
difficulty to take out we've had to do
is remove some of the jaw to actually
expose the root Hey look at that you can
actually see how that whole tooth of me
you run it away there have been a lot of
problems if that teeth haven't been
taken out one tooth for a few days
scribble will be a big cat with a sore
head the kerfeld the reversal but he
will be able to eat again
all the cheaters are ready for release
one two three
while the youngsters bound away old boys
scribble takes his time
once facing the wrong way
you